Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and (c) Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data including, without limitation, the
Environmental Matters Note. Important factors that could cause the actual
results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements
include, among other items, the Company's successful execution of internal
performance plans; performance issues with key suppliers, subcontractors and
business partners; the ability to negotiate financing arrangements with lenders;
legal proceedings; changes in the need for additional machinery and equipment
and/or in the cost for the expansion of the Corporation's operations; product
demand and market acceptance risks; the effect of economic conditions; the
impact of competitive products and pricing; product development,
commercialization and technological difficulties; unanticipated environmental
remediation expenses or claims; capacity and supply constraints or difficulties;
an inability to perform customer contracts at anticipated cost levels; changing
priorities or reductions in the U.S. government defense budget; contract
continuation and future contract awards; U.S. international military budget
constraints and determinations; and other factors that generally affect the
business of companies operating in the Corporation's segments.

Introduction
------------
 Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant,
Curtiss-Wright Corporation hereby files its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2001. References in the text to the
"Corporation," "Company," "Curtiss-Wright" or the "Registrant" include
Curtiss-Wright Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context
indicates otherwise. References to the Company's "Annual Report" are to its 2001
Annual Report to Stockholders, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 13.

 Page 4

<PAGE>

 PART I

Item 1. Business.
-----------------

General Business
----------------

 On October 26, 2001, the Corporation's shareholders approved a
recapitalization plan, which enabled Unitrin Inc. ("Unitrin") to distribute its
approximate 44% equity interest in Curtiss-Wright to its shareholders on a
tax-free basis. In addition to approving the recapitalization plan, shareholders
also approved the implementation of certain corporate governance changes to the
Corporation's Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws.

 Under the recapitalization plan, and in order to meet certain Internal
Revenue Code requirements, Unitrin's approximately 4.4 million shares were
exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of a new Class B Common Stock of
Curtiss-Wright which are entitled to elect 80% of Curtiss-Wright's Board of
Directors. After such exchange, Unitrin immediately distributed the Class B
common shares to its approximately 8,000 registered stockholders in a tax-free
distribution. The holders of the remaining outstanding common shares of
Curtiss-Wright are entitled to elect up to 20% of the Board of Directors
after the distribution. Other than the right to elect Directors, the two
classes of stock vote as a single class (except as required by law) and are
equal in all other respects. The new Class B Common Stock was listed on the
New York Stock Exchange, effective November 29, 2001.

 Under the terms of the recapitalization agreement reached between
Unitrin and Curtiss-Wright, Unitrin agreed to reimburse the Corporation for
certain costs associated with the recapitalization up to a maximum of $1.75
million. This amount was received subsequent to the recapitalization.

 On November 20, 2001, the Registrant's Board of Directors authorized
the amendment of the Corporation's Shareholder Rights Plan (the "Right's Plan")
to account for the newly created Class B Common Stock. The Right's Plan provides
one preferred stock purchase right for each share of the Registrant's Class B
Common Stock and Common Stock, entitling the registered holders to purchase from
the Registrant one one-thousandth of a share of the respective Preferred Stock,
par value $.01 per share of the Registrant at a price of $235 per one
one-thousandth of a share of preferred stock, subject to adjustment. The
description and terms of the Right's Plan are set forth in the Amended and
Restated Rights Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 4 to the Registrant's Report
on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20,
2001.

 Page 5

<PAGE>

Business Description
--------------------
 Curtiss-Wright Corporation was incorporated in 1929 under the laws of
the State of Delaware. The Company reports its operations in three Segments:
Motion Control, Metal Treatment, and Flow Control.

Motion Control
--------------
 This segment of the corporation primarily designs, develops and manufactures
mechanical systems, drive systems and electronic controls for the aerospace and
defense industry. Aerospace products offered consist of electro-mechanical and
hydro-mechanical actuation components and systems, which are designed to
position aircraft control surfaces, or to operate canopies, cargo doors, weapons
bay doors or other devices used on aircraft. Defense products consist mainly of
ground defense aiming and stabilization systems, fire control subsystems and
hydro-pneumatic suspension systems for armored fighting vehicles.

 Aircraft applications include actuators and control systems for the Boeing
737, 747, 757, 767 and 777 jet airliners, the Lockheed Martin F-16 Falcon
fighter, the Boeing F/A-18 fighter, the F-22 Raptor fighter, jointly developed
by Lockheed Martin and Boeing, the Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey, and the Sikorsky
Black Hawk and Seahawk helicopters. Motion Control is also developing flight
control actuators for the Engineering and Manufacturing Development (EMD) phase
of Lockheed Martin's Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) program. The JSF is the next
generation fighter aircraft being designed for use by all three branches of the
U.S. military as well as several foreign governments. The U.S. Air Force's
Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle (UCAV) weapons bay door system is another major
development effort for the Corporation. The manufacturing of these applications
is performed at the Shelby, North Carolina facility.

 As a related service within this segment, Curtiss-Wright also provides
commercial airlines, the military and general aviation customers with component
overhaul and repair services. The services provided include the overhaul and
repair of hydraulic, pneumatic, mechanical, electro-mechanical, and electronic
components, aircraft parts sourcing, and component exchange services for a wide
array of aircraft. The segment provides these services from facilities in
Gastonia, North Carolina; Miami, Florida; Karup, Denmark; and a marketing and
distribution facility in Singapore. The segment also sells a commercial rescue
tool using its "Power Hinge"'TM' aerospace technology under the trademark Power
Hawk'r'. Various accessories and related equipment are also offered for the
Power Hawk'r'. The primary use for this tool is the extrication of automobile
accident victims.

 Motion Control markets its aerospace products using a direct sales force.
These products are sold in competition with a number of other suppliers, most of
which have broader product lines and greater financial, technical, and human
resources. Competition is primarily on the basis of engineering capability,
quality and price and is focused on offering solutions to perform control and
actuation functions on a limited number of new production programs. This
segment's overhaul and repair services are sold in competition with a number of
other overhaul and repair providers. Competition in the overhaul and repair
business is based upon quality, delivery and price. Marketing is accomplished

 Page 6

<PAGE>

through independent sales representatives and by direct sales employees.

 In 1999 and 2000, the Corporation consolidated its aerospace manufacturing
and overhaul operations from its facility in Fairfield, New Jersey to its
facilities in Shelby and Gastonia, North Carolina. In addition, the segment's
engineering and development functions were relocated to a new facility in Pine
Brook, New Jersey.

 Defense products offered by the segment consist of electro-mechanical and
electro-hydraulic actuation components and systems including electronic controls
for the military tracked and wheeled vehicle, high-speed tilting train, and
commercial marine propulsion markets. These products, which are designed and
manufactured at the segment's facility in Neuhausen am Rheinfall, Switzerland,
primarily consist of turret aiming and stabilization systems and suspension
systems for armored military vehicles sold to defense equipment manufacturers,
and tilting systems for high-speed train applications. The products are sold
using a direct sales force to customers primarily in Western Europe, Southeast
Asia and South Africa.

 On November 1, 2001, the Company acquired Lau Defense Systems ("LDS") based
in Littleton, Massachusetts and Vista Controls ("Vista") located in Santa
Clarita, California. Collectively the acquired companies design, develop and
manufacture mission-critical electronic control systems primarily for defense
markets. Products include electronic components and subsystems used in fire
control, aiming and stabilization, munitions loading and environmental
processors for military ground vehicles. They provide electronic subsystems for
the demanding combat platforms in existence today including the Bradley
fighting vehicle, the Abrams M1A2/A3 tank, and the Brigade Combat Team Interim
Armored Vehicle, which is in the U.S. Army's modernization and
transformation efforts. They also provide the mission management and flight
control computers used on the U.S. Air Force Global Hawk, a high-altitude and
high endurance unmanned aerial vehicle. In February 2002, the Corporation signed
a licensing agreement with Viisage Technology, Inc. ("Viisage"), a leader in
facial-recognition technology and identification systems, to market and sell
their facial-recognition solutions to all agencies associated with the U.S.
Department of Defense. Viisage is a related party of the former owner of LDS
and Vista.

 LDS and Vista sell their products primarily to the prime contractors and
subsystem suppliers, both directly and through a network of independent sales
representatives. The addition of these companies provides a North American base
of operations for our ground defense vehicle business, while offering
opportunities to market and sell additional products to our existing aerospace
customers.

 Sales by this segment to the Boeing Company in 2001, 2000, and 1999 were
$44.2 million, $41.6 million, and $42.9 million, respectively. The loss of the
Boeing Company as a customer would have a material adverse effect on this
segment. U.S. Government direct and end use sales of this segment in 2001, 2000,
and 1999 were $35.8 million, $21.2 million, and $17.4 million, respectively. The
loss of this business would also have a material adverse affect on this segment.

 Page 7

<PAGE>

 The backlog of this segment as of January 31, 2002 was $165.2 million as
compared with $123.2 million as of January 31, 2001. Of the January 31, 2002
backlog, approximately 59% is expected to be shipped during 2002. None of the
business of this segment is seasonal. Raw materials are generally available in
adequate quantities from a number of suppliers.

Metal Treatment
---------------
 This segment of Curtiss-Wright provides approximately 50 metal-treating
services, with its principal services being "shot-peening" and "heat-treating."
"Shot-peening" is the process by which the durability of metal parts are
improved by the bombardment of the part's surface with spherical media such as
steel shot, ceramic or glass beads to compress the outer layer of the metal.
"Heat-treating" is a metallurgical process of subjecting metal objects to heat
and/or cold, or otherwise treating the material to change the physical and/or
chemical characteristics or properties of the material. These processes are used
principally to improve the service life, strength and durability of metal parts.
They are also used to form curvatures in metal panels, which are assembled as
wingskins of commercial and military aircraft, and to manufacture reed valves
used in compressors. The segment provides these services for a broad spectrum of
customers in various industries, including aerospace, automotive, construction
equipment, oil, petrochemical, metal working, and other industries. Through a
combination of acquisitions and new plant openings, this segment continues to
increase its network of regional facilities. Operations are now conducted from
42 facilities located in the United States, Canada, England, France, Germany,
and Belgium.

 In addition to shot-peening and heat-treating, other products and services
include shot-peen forming, lasershot peening, plating, reed valve manufacturing
and engineering/testing and field services. In 2001, this segment expanded its
reach with the opening of a shot-peening facility in Germany and the acquisition
of heat-treating facilities in Kansas and New Jersey.

 The services and products of this segment are marketed directly by
employees of the segment. Although numerous companies compete with the segment
in this field and many customers have the resources to perform such services
themselves, Curtiss-Wright believes that its greater technical knowledge and
quality of workmanship provide a competitive advantage. The segment competes on
the basis of quality, service and price.

 The backlog of this segment as of January 31, 2002 was $1.1 million, as
compared with $1.2 million as of January 31, 2001. All of such backlog is
expected to be shipped in the first quarter of 2002. The services of this
segment are sold with very modest lead times and accordingly, the backlog of
this segment is not indicative of future sales. The business of this segment is
not seasonal. Raw materials are generally available in adequate quantities from
a number of suppliers, and the segment is not materially dependent upon any
single source of supply. BAE Airbus UK accounted for 13% of total sales in 2001,
however no single customer accounted for 10% or more of total sales in 2000 and
1999. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on this
segment. The active customer base numbers are in excess of 5,000.

 Page 8

<PAGE>

Flow Control
------------
 This segment consists of six operating divisions that design, manufacture,
distribute, and service a broad range of highly engineered flow control products
for severe service military and commercial applications.

 At its facility located in East Farmingdale, New York, this segment
designs, manufactures, refurbishes and tests highly engineered valves of various
types and sizes, such as motor operated and solenoid operated globe, gate,
control and safety relief valves. These valves are used to control the flow of
liquids and gases and to provide safety relief in high-pressure applications.
This division also supplies actuators and controllers for its own valves as well
as for valves manufactured by its competitors. The primary customers for these
valves are the U.S. Navy, which uses them in nuclear propulsion systems, and
owners and operators of commercial power utilities who use them in new and
existing nuclear and fossil fuel power plants. All new nuclear plants are
outside the U.S. and recent sales for such plants have been in Korea and Taiwan.
Sales are made by responding directly to requests for proposals from customers.
The production of valves for the U.S. Navy and for new power plants is
characterized by long lead times from order placement to delivery.

 Through its Enertech operation, the segment also designs, manufactures, and
distributes additional flow control products for sale into global commercial
nuclear power markets from its facility in Brea, California. Enertech's product
lines include: snubbers, advanced valves, valve actuators, test and diagnostic
equipment, as well as related diagnostic services. In addition, the segment
provides training, on-site services, staff augmentation and engineering programs
relating to nuclear power plants. The segment also provides hydraulic power
units and components primarily for the automotive and entertainment industries.

 Through its Farris Engineering ("Farris") operation, the segment is one of
the world's leading manufacturers of spring-loaded and pilot operated
pressure-relief valves for the processing industries. Farris' primary customers
are refineries, petrochemical/chemical plants and pharmaceutical manufacturing
facilities. Farris products are manufactured in Brecksville, Ohio and Brantford,
Ontario.

 Sprague Products ("Sprague"), also located in Brecksville, Ohio,
manufactures and provides specialty hydraulic and pneumatic valves, air-driven
pumps and gas boosters under the "Sprague" and "PowerStar" trade names. Sprague
products are used generally in various industrial applications as well as in
directional control valves for truck transmissions and car transport carriers.

 In 2001, the segment further expanded its product lines and distribution
base through the acquisitions of Solent & Pratt Engineering Ltd. ("S&P"),
Peerless Instrument Co. ("Peerless") and Deltavalve USA, LLC ("Deltavalve").
From its facility in Bridport, England, S&P manufactures high performance
butterfly valves and is a global supplier to the petroleum, petrochemical,
chemical and process industries. From its facility in Elmhurst, New York,
Peerless designs, develops, manufactures, tests and services specialized
instrumentation and control equipment primarily for the U.S. Nuclear

 Page 9

<PAGE>

Naval program. Deltavalve designs, engineers, and manufactures metal-seated
industrial valves used in standard and advanced applications including
high-cycle, high-pressure, extreme temperature, and corrosive plant
environments. Deltavalve is located in Salt Lake City, Utah with an
assembly and testing facility in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.

 Strong competition in flow control products and services is encountered
from a large number of domestic and foreign sources. Competition occurs on the
basis of price, technical expertise, delivery, contractual terms, previous
installation history and reputation for quality. Delivery speed and the
proximity of service centers are important with respect to after-market
products. Sales to commercial users are accomplished through independent sales
representatives and by direct sales employees.

 The backlog of this segment as of January 31, 2002 was $81.4 million as
compared with $52.6 million as of January 31, 2001. Of the January 31, 2002
backlog, approximately 70% is expected to be shipped during 2002. Approximately
49% of this segment's backlog is comprised of orders with the U.S. Navy through
its prime contractor, the Plant Apparatus Division of Bechtel Plant Machinery,
Inc., ("Bechtel") a unit of Bechtel Group, Inc. Sales by this segment to Bechtel
accounted for 22% and 19% of total segment sales in 2001 and 2000, respectively.
The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on the business
of this segment. None of the business of this segment is seasonal. Raw materials
are generally available in adequate quantities from a number of suppliers.

Other Information
-----------------

Government Sales
----------------
 From 1999 to 2001, the Company's direct sales to the U.S. Government and
sales for U.S. Government and foreign government end use aggregated
approximately 20% of consolidated sales. U.S. Government sales, both direct and
subcontract, are generally made under standard types of government contracts,
including fixed price and fixed price-redeterminable.

 In accordance with normal practice in the case of U.S. Government business,
contracts and orders are subject to partial or complete termination at any time,
at the option of the customer. In the event of a termination for convenience by
the government, there generally are provisions for recovery by the Corporation
of its allowable incurred costs and a proportionate share of the profit or fee
on the work completed, consistent with regulations of the U.S. Government.
Contracts for Navy nuclear valves usually provide that Curtiss-Wright absorb
most of any cost overrun. In the event that there is a cost underrun, the
customer recoups a portion of the underrun based upon a formula in which the
customer's portion increases as the underrun exceeds certain established levels.

 It is the policy of the Corporation to seek customary progress payments on
certain of its contracts. Where such payments are obtained by the Corporation
under U.S. Government prime contracts or subcontracts, they are secured by a

 Page 10

<PAGE>

lien in favor of the government on the materials and work in process allocable
or chargeable to the respective contracts. (See Notes 1.C, 6 and 7 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, on pages 30 and 35 of the Registrant's
Annual Report, which notes are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.) In the case of most valve products for U.S. Government end use,
the contracts typically provide for the retention by the customer of stipulated
percentages of the contract price, pending completion of contract closeout
conditions.

Research and Development
------------------------
 Research and development expenditures incurred by the Corporation amounted
to $4,383,000 in 2001 as compared with $3,443,000 in 2000 and $2,801,000 in
1999. The Corporation owns and is licensed under a number of United States and
foreign patents and patent applications, which have been obtained or filed over
a period of years. Curtiss-Wright does not consider that the successful conduct
of its business is materially dependent upon the protection of any one or more
of the patents, patent applications or patent license agreements under which it
now operates.

Environmental Protection
------------------------
 The effect of compliance upon the Corporation with present legal
requirements concerning protection of the environment is described in Notes 1.I
and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements which appear on pages 31 and 39,
respectively, of the Registrant's Annual Report and is incorporated by reference
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Employees
---------
 At the end of 2001, the Corporation had 2,625 employees, 149 of which were
represented by labor unions and are covered by collective bargaining agreements.

Certain Financial Information
-----------------------------
 The industry segment information is described in Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears on pages 41 to 43 of the
Registrant's Annual Report, and is incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. In 2001, 2000, and 1999, foreign operations of the
Corporation generated 17.8%, 26.4%, and 25.6%, respectively, of the
Corporation's pre-tax earnings. The Company does not regard the risks associated
with these foreign operations to be materially greater than those applicable to
its business in the U.S.

 Page 11

<PAGE>

Item 2. Properties.
-----------------------
 The principal physical properties of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
are described below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Owned/
Location Description(1) Leased Principal Use
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C> <C> <C>
East Farmingdale, 215,000 sq. ft. Owned(2) Flow Control
New York on 11 acres

Chester, Wales 175,666 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment
United Kingdom

Shelby, 145,440 sq. ft. Owned Motion Control
North Carolina on 29 acres

Bensalem, 89,100 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment
Pennsylvannia on 4.18 acres

Brampton, 86,650 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment
Ontario, Canada on 8 acres

Columbus, Ohio 74,500 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment
 on 9 acres

Brecksville, Ohio 68,000 sq. ft Owned Flow Control
 on 5.56 acres

Miami, Florida 65,000 sq. ft. Leased Motion Control
 on 2.6 acres

Fort Wayne, 62,589 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment
Indiana on 3.2 acres

Littleton, 61,000 sq. ft. within Leased Motion Control
Massachusetts a business complex

Elmhurst, 55,000 sq. ft. within Leased Flow Control
New York a business complex

Gastonia, 52,860 sq. ft. Owned Motion Control
North Carolina on 7.5 acres

Pine Brook, 45,000 sq. ft. within Leased Motion Control
New Jersey a business complex
</TABLE>

 Page 12

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Owned/
Location Description(1) Leased Principal Use
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S> <C> <C> <C>
Neuhausen am, 52,000 sq. ft. within Leased Motion Control
Rheinfall, a business complex
Switzerland

Carlstadt, New 39,632 sq. ft. Leased Metal Treatment
Jersey

Romulus, Michigan 35,840 sq. ft. Leased Metal Treatment

York, 32,396 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment
Pennsylvania on 3.6 acres

Derby, United 32,000 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment
Kingdom

Dallas, Texas 31,100 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment

Brea, California 30,550 sq. ft. Leased Flow Control
 on 1.76 acres

Lafayette, Louisiana 30,000 sq. ft. Owned Metal Treatment

Wichita, Kansas 30,000 sq. ft Leased Metal Treatment
</TABLE>

(1) Sizes are approximate. Unless otherwise indicated, all properties are owned
in fee, are not subject to any major encumbrance and are occupied primarily by
factory and/or warehouse operations.

(2) The Suffolk County Industrial Development Agency, in connection with the
issuance of an industrial revenue bond, holds title to approximately six acres
of land and the building located thereon.

 In addition to the properties listed above, the Corporation leases an
aggregate of approximately 318,000 square feet of space at twenty-five different
locations in the United States, England and Germany and owns buildings
encompassing about 305,000 square feet in sixteen different locations in the
United States, France, Germany, Belgium and England. None of these properties
individually is material to the Company's business.

 Page 13

<PAGE>

 The Corporation leases approximately 14,000 square feet of space in
Lyndhurst, New Jersey, for its corporate office.

 The buildings on the properties referred to in this Item are well
maintained, in good condition, and are suitable and adequate for the uses
presently being made of them.

 The Registrant currently owns 450,000 square feet of space situated
on 39.8 acres of property located in Fairfield, New Jersey (the "Fairfield
Property"). The Fairfield Property is being held for sale and the Company
continues to review third party proposals to purchase the Fairfield Property. On
December 20, 2001 the Corporation sold its Wood-Ridge Business Complex for $51
million, which is located in Wood-Ridge, New Jersey. The business complex
comprised approximately 2.3 million square feet of rental space situated on 138
acres of land. In January 2002, the Corporation sold 21 acres of land located in
Hardwick Township, New Jersey. The Corporation also owns approximately 7.4 acres
of land in Lyndhurst, New Jersey, which is leased, on a long-term basis, to the
owner of the commercial building located on the land.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
--------------------------

 In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation and its subsidiaries
are subject to various pending claims, lawsuits and contingent liabilities. The
Corporation does not believe that disposition of any of these matters will have
a material adverse effect on the Corporation's consolidated financial position
or results of operations.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
------------------------------------------------------------

 Information required in connection with this item is set forth in Item 4 of
the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2001, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

 PART II

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Stock
 And Related Stockholder Matters.
------------------------------------------------

 See the information contained in the Registrant's Annual Report on the
inside back cover under the captions "Stock Price Range," "Dividends,"
and "Stock Exchange Listing" which information is incorporated herein by
reference. The approximate total number of record holders of the Common Stock,
$1.00 par value, and the Class B Common Stock, $1.00 par value, of the
Registrant was 9,789 as of March 5, 2002.

 Page 14

<PAGE>

Item 6. Selected Financial Data.
--------------------------------
 See the information contained in the Registrant's Annual Report on page 19
under the caption "Consolidated Selected Financial Data," which information is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations.
---------------------------------------------------------
 See the information contained in the Registrant's Annual Report on pages 20
through 24, under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations," which information is incorporated herein
by reference.