- MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

 This discussion contains certain "forward-looking statements" which are
inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events to
differ materially from those discussed herein. Factors which may cause such
differences in events include, among other things, our ability to maintain our
relationships with our significant customers; increases in the prices of, or
limitations on the availability of, our primary raw materials; or a downturn in
the automotive industry, upon which we rely for sales revenue, and which is
cyclical and dependent on, among other things, consumer spending, international
economic conditions and regulations and policies regarding international trade.
Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We
undertake no obligation to publish revised forward-looking statements to reflect
events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.

 In addition to the disclosures contained herein, readers are also urged to
carefully review and consider any risks and uncertainties contained in other
documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 The economic malaise that adversely affected our business during the latter
portion of 2000 continued to be the dominant force impacting our business
throughout 2001. Eventually, the economy was officially declared to be in a
recession, and as the effects of this recession became more widespread during
2001, demand for our products continued to weaken. Within the fastener segment,
customers responded to the worsening economic conditions by reducing inventories
and reducing production, which translated into further reductions in purchasing
activity. This same set of circumstances impacted demand for perishable tools
and repair parts within our assembly equipment segment, where revenues from the
sale of new automatic assembly equipment weakened considerably as activity
within that sector of the economy fell to its lowest level in nearly ten years.

 In response to these conditions, we reduced production schedules, trimmed
inventories and moved to control costs to the greatest extent possible, all of
which contributed to results that were respectable in view of overall economic
conditions. In

 6

addition, we completed initiatives that should allow us to expand our market
share in certain niche areas.

2001 COMPARED TO 2000

 The effect of the current recession is apparent in the comparison of
revenues and margins between 2001 and 2000. Net sales and lease revenues fell to
$40,443,010 in 2001, a decline of 11% compared to 2000. This lower level of
operations was the primary factor contributing to the decrease in gross margins,
which fell to $9,187,046 for 2001, compared to $11,943,030 reported for 2000.

 Revenues within the fastener segment declined 8.5% and amounted to
$32,704,142 during 2001. This decline stems from the combination of lower
volumes for existing business, partially offset by successful efforts to win new
business from both new and existing customers. Gross margins within this segment
declined from 22.3% in 2000 to 19.9% for 2001. During the year, the Company was
able to take advantage of softness within the raw materials market, successfully
negotiating price reductions for certain raw materials and supplies.
Unfortunately, the positive contribution from those activities was offset by
increases in the cost of health insurance and a somewhat higher cost for
perishable tooling. Other than those two areas, we were generally successful in
reducing our variable costs in a manner consistent with the reduced level of
operations. Fixed costs, as would be expected, remained relatively unchanged
despite the reduced levels of operations.

 The domestic metalworking machinery market suffered a significant decline
in 2001, with overall activity falling to its lowest level in nearly a decade.
These conditions were plainly evident in the results of operations within our
assembly equipment segment. Revenues fell to $7,738,868 during 2001, compared to
$9,687,564 recorded during 2000. Despite our efforts to reduce costs and manage
the negative effects of lower volumes, we were unable to cut costs as quickly
and as deeply as demand declined. Because we believe that this downturn is of a
cyclical nature, we made a decision to attempt to maintain as much of our
skilled workforce as possible, rather than attempt to match volume declines with
a wholesale reduction in the workforce. As a result, labor and benefit costs
remained at levels somewhat higher than might otherwise be expected given recent
business conditions. On a short-term basis, we view this as the most practical
response to what we believe will be a temporary situation. We were able to
achieve only limited reductions in fixed costs compared with the prior year. The
net result was an overall decline in gross margins, which fell to approximately
35% in 2001, compared to 42% recorded in 2000.

 Selling and administrative expenses declined significantly compared with
the prior year. Successful completion of the first phase of implementation of
new data processing systems resulted in a significant reduction in consulting
expenses compared with the prior year. In addition, salary and benefit expenses
declined significantly due to reductions in headcount, achieved mainly through
attrition. Sales commissions and profit sharing expense declined to levels
consistent with the lower sales volume and lower income, respectively.
Unfortunately, bad debt expense increased by a net amount of $114,000, mainly
due to the third quarter bankruptcy filing of a certain customer.

 Lower prevailing interest rates, combined with lower debt, resulted in a
net interest expense reduction of $61,000.

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. During interim periods, the Company uses estimated gross
profit rates to determine the cost of goods sold for a portion of its
operations. Actual results can vary from these estimates and these estimates are
adjusted, as necessary, when actual information is available. During the fourth
quarter of 2001, net income included net unfavorable adjustments to inventory

 7

and certain accruals aggregating $.02 per share. Similar adjustments in the
fourth quarter of 2000 and 1999 amounted to net favorable adjustments of $.10
per share and $.09 per share, respectively.

2000 COMPARED TO 1999

 In 2000, conditions in our major markets tended to weaken as the year
progressed. As a result, net sales and lease revenues declined to $45,423,263 in
2000. On an overall basis, this represents a decline of 7.5% compared to the
record level of $49,080,257 recorded in 1999. Revenues within the fastener
segment, which began 2000 at a slightly stronger pace than in the prior year,
ended the year at $35,735,699, a decline of 4.7% compared to 1999, as the second
half of the year was characterized by business levels that were sharply lower
than the preceding six months. This downturn is attributable to a decline in the
level of activity within the motor vehicle and automotive parts sector of the
economy upon which we depend for the majority of our fastener revenues. Within
the assembly equipment segment, demand was comparatively soft early in the year,
and became weaker as the year progressed. As a result, revenues for the full
year declined approximately 16% compared to 1999, totaling $9,687,564 during
2000.

 Given the reduced operating levels, gross margins within the fastener
segment declined compared to the prior year. However, there were other
significant factors that impacted gross margins. Among them were increases in
wage levels necessary to retain skilled labor in the face of very tight labor
markets, increases in the cost of tooling and supplies used in manufacturing,
significantly higher costs for health insurance and higher depreciation expense
associated with recent investments in new manufacturing equipment. While
competitive situations continued to hamper our ability to recover the higher
costs outlined above, favorable conditions in the market for raw materials
enabled us to negotiate modest reductions in the prices paid for certain raw
materials. Overall, however, the combination of lower volume and generally
higher manufacturing costs caused gross margins, within the fastener segment, to
fall to 22.3% compared to 23.9% in the prior year.

 During 2000, revenues within the assembly equipment segment declined
approximately 16% compared to 1999. Most of this decline was a function of
reduced unit sales, as demand was comparatively weak throughout the year. Gross
margins declined from approximately 45% in 1999 to 42% in 2000, due in part to a
continued shift toward lower priced and lower margin equipment, and also due to
the impact of higher health insurance costs. Most other costs of manufacturing
were reduced to levels consistent with the lower operating levels.

 Selling and administrative expenses declined 3.6% compared with 1999. Costs
incurred in connection with the implementation of new data processing systems
declined substantially compared with 1999, but still remained at higher than
normal levels for most of the current year. Both commission expense and profit
sharing expense declined in proportion with the decline in sales and profits,
respectively. Offsetting these changes were professional fees incurred in
connection with the Company's "Dutch auction" tender offer, higher health
insurance costs, and increases in salary expense.

 Interest expense increased approximately $123,000 due primarily to
additional borrowing in connection with the tender offer and, to a lesser
extent, higher interest rates.

DIVIDENDS

 The Company paid four regular quarterly dividends of $.18 per share during
2001. In addition, an extra dividend of $.25 per share was paid during the
second quarter of 2001, bringing the total dividend distribution to $.97 per
share. On February 18, 2002 your Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly
dividend of $.18 per share, payable March 20, 2002 to shareholders of record
March 5, 2002. These dividends continued the uninterrupted record of consecutive
quarterly dividends paid by the Company to its

 8

shareholders that extends over 68 years. At that same meeting, the Board
declared an extra dividend of $.15 per share, payable April 19, 2002 to
shareholders of record, April 5, 2002.

MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT

 The Company invested approximately $1.4 million in machinery, equipment and
building improvements during 2001. The total amount of investment was lower than
in the recent past, and, as has been the case for the past several years, the
majority of these expenditures were related to the fastener segment of our
operations. Specifically, a total of $1.1 million was expended for the purchase
of equipment used directly in the manufacture of fasteners and $88,000 was
invested in new equipment related to the quality control process related to
fastener manufacturing. $129,000 was expended in connection with data processing
and data communications equipment, $61,000 was spent for building improvements,
primarily related to the fastener segment of our business, and the balance was
expended for a variety of smaller machinery and equipment, including the
manufacture of automatic rivet setting equipment that is leased to our
customers.

 Capital investments totaled approximately $2.1 million during 2000.
Slightly over $1.9 million of this total was invested in new equipment related
to the production of fasteners. Of the amount expended within the fastener
segment, $1.5 million was invested in new cold heading and thread-forming
equipment and certain support equipment. This equipment will be utilized to
expand our capacity to manufacture certain specialty products for which demand
has exceeded our capacity. Certain obsolete heat treating equipment was replaced
at a cost of $276,000. The balance was expended for various smaller projects,
including new quality control equipment and building improvements. Within the
assembly equipment segment, capital expenditures totaled $150,372, primarily for
the replacement of machine tools used in the manufacture of perishable tooling
that is sold to our customers. The balance was expended for data processing
equipment and various office equipment.

 Investments in machinery and equipment totaled $1,709,527 during 1999.
Investments in new equipment related to the manufacture of fasteners accounted
for the majority of these investments and totaled $994,000 during the year.
Investments in hardware and software related to improved information management
technology totaled $267,000. A total of $181,000 was expended for the purchase
of a variety of test and inspection equipment related to quality control
initiatives. Investments in new machine tools used in the manufacture of
assembly equipment totaled $108,000. Approximately $41,000 was invested in new
telephone equipment and the balance was expended for the purchase, or repair, of
various, smaller machine tools and building repairs.

 Depreciation expense amounted to $1,921,703 in 2001, $1,889,849 in 2000,
and $1,711,721 in 1999.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

 As of December 31, 2001, working capital was $11.6 million. While this is a
modest decline compared with the prior year, our current ratio (current assets
divided by current liabilities) improved to 3.7 from 3.5. The accounts
receivable balance at year-end declined substantially compared with the year
earlier, largely as a result of lower fourth quarter sales. Inventory levels,
which increased slightly during 2000, were significantly reduced during 2001,
and our objective is to further improve our ability to operate with lower levels
of inventory.

 In connection with a "Dutch auction" tender offer in April 2000, the
Company obtained, on an unsecured basis, a financing commitment that provided
borrowing capacity of up to $9.0 million plus a $1.0 million line of credit. The
new borrowing was used to finance the unpaid balance of a 1996 loan related to
the acquisition of H & L Tool Company, Inc. ($2.7 million) and to fund the
purchase of stock under the terms of the "Dutch auction." At December 31, 2001,
the indebtedness under the term loan was

 9

approximately $3.4 million. Under the terms of the note, the Company is
scheduled to repay the principal in quarterly installments of $450,000, plus
interest computed on the unpaid balance at a variable rate that is calculated
under one of two methods, selected at the option of the Company: the London
Inter-Bank Offering Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable margin; or the lender's
prime rate, less an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based upon the
funded debt ratio and, for any portion of the loan that bears interest at the
prime rate, this margin is up to 50 basis points, and for any portion that bears
interest at the LIBOR rate, it is up to 130 basis points. This rate is adjusted
quarterly and was approximately 2.9% at December 31, 2001. Management believes
that current cash, cash equivalents, operating cash flow and the available line
of credit will be sufficient to provide adequate working capital for the
foreseeable future.

 The Company has not entered into, and has no current plans to enter into,
any off-balance sheet financing arrangements. The Company has no long-term
supply contracts that will have a material impact on liquidity and financial
resources.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

 The Company's financial statements and financial condition were not, and
are not expected to be, materially impacted by any new, or proposed, accounting
standards.

STOCK PURCHASE PROGRAM

 Terms of a stock repurchase authorization originally approved by the Board
of Directors in February of 1990, and subsequently amended to permit the
repurchase of an aggregate of 200,000 shares, provide for purchases of the
Company's common stock to be made from time to time, in the open market or in
private transactions, at prices deemed reasonable by management. Purchases under
the current repurchase authorization have amounted to 161,996 shares at an
average price of $15.58 per share. Although no purchases were made during 2001,
it is management's intention to continue this program, provided funding for
repurchases is available and market conditions are favorable.

 In addition to the purchases described above, the Company purchased 159,564
shares at a price of $23.00 per share pursuant to a "Dutch auction" tender offer
completed in April 2000.

OUTLOOK FOR 2002

 The Company's fortunes remain closely tied to the level of industrial
activity in general, with an emphasis on North American automobile production.
While we anticipate that business conditions will improve, the timing and extent
of improvement continues to be uncertain. We have seen some firming in demand on
the fastener side of our business, but it has been customer specific, rather
than a broad-based improvement. Demand for automated assembly equipment and
related perishable tooling remain at very low levels. On an overall basis,
bookings for the first two months of this year lag the levels recorded during
the same period last year, apparently supporting those forecasts that suggest
the timing of the recovery will be later in the year. The prevailing conditions
foster intensified price competition and continued downward pressure on margins.

 We have responded by taking appropriate actions to reduce costs wherever
possible and to contain costs where reductions are not feasible. In addition, in
situations where it is both necessary and economically practical, we have
reduced our prices in order to meet competitive challenges and maintain our
market share. We have actively solicited new business within our existing
customer base as well as from new customers. These efforts have met with varying
degrees of success, and we plan to follow a similar course of action in the
coming months.

 10

 Investments in new equipment to expand our capabilities in the manufacture
of specialty fasteners are finally beginning to bear fruit and should contribute
to both revenues and profits in 2002. We anticipated that this would have
occurred during 2001, but market conditions delayed realization by several
months. We are optimistic that sustainable shipments of these products will
begin late in the first quarter of this year.

 We are glad to leave 2001 behind us and look forward to the opportunities
that lie ahead. Certainly, the future will hold challenges as well as
opportunities, but we believe we are well prepared to meet those challenges and
to take advantage of the opportunities that will arise. We gratefully
acknowledge the support of our shareholders, the loyalty of our customers and
the contributions of our workforce - for each of these elements has been
critical to our past success and each is essential for our future success.