AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 The discussion below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K contains certain
"forward-looking statements" (as such term is defined in Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that are based on the beliefs of the Fund, as
well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Fund. A
number of important factors could cause the Fund's actual growth, results,
performance and business prospects and opportunities in 2001 and beyond to
differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any such
forward-looking statements. These factors include, without limitation, the
factors described below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K.

OVERVIEW

 The assets of the Fund are used to engage, directly or indirectly, in
the speculative trading of commodity interests.

 The assets of the Fund are deposited with the commodity brokers in
trading accounts established by the Fund for the advisors and are used by the
Fund as margin to engage in trading. Such assets are held in either a
non-interest bearing bank account or in securities approved by the CFTC for
investment of customer funds. In addition, certain of the Fund's assets may also
be placed in a custodian account with a cash manager to maximize the interest
earned on assets not committed as margin.

 CAPITAL RESOURCES

 The Fund does not have, nor does it expect to have, any capital assets.
Redemptions and sales of additional units in the future will affect the amount
of funds available for trading commodity interests in subsequent periods. None
of the Fund's assets are committed to overhead or operational expenses.

 There are three factors that affect the Fund's capital resources: (1)
the trading profit or loss generated by the advisors (including interest
income); (2) the money invested or redeemed by the unitholders; and (3) the
capital invested or redeemed by the General Partner. The General Partner has
maintained, and has agreed to maintain, at all times a capital account in such
amount, up to a total of $500,000, as is necessary for the General Partner to
maintain a one percent (1%) interest in the capital, income and losses of the
Fund. All capital contributions by the General Partner necessary to maintain
such capital account balance shall be evidenced by units of general partnership
interests, each of which shall have an initial value equal to the Net Asset
Value per Unit at the time of such contribution. The General Partner, in its
sole discretion, may withdraw any excess above its required capital contribution
without notice to the unitholders. The General Partner, in its sole discretion,
may also contribute any greater amount to the Fund, for which it shall receive,
at its option, additional units of general partnership interests or Units at
their then-current Net Asset Value.

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 The Fund incurs substantial charges from the payment of management
and/or incentive fees to the advisors and administrative fees to the General
Partner which are payable based upon the Net Asset Value of the Fund and are
payable without regard to the profitability of the Fund. The brokerage
commissions to the commodity brokers are also payable without regard to the
profitability of the Fund, although under certain circumstances such commissions
have been, and may continue to be, higher when advisors experience profits and
as a result increase their trading activity. As a result, in certain years the
Fund may have incurred a net loss when trading profits were not substantial
enough to avoid depletion of the Fund's assets from such fees and expenses.
Thus, due to the nature of the Fund's business, the success of the

 16
<PAGE> 17

Fund is dependent upon the ability of the advisors to generate trading profits
through the speculative trading of commodity interests sufficient to produce
capital appreciation after payment of all fees and expenses.

 In 1999, Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) and the managed futures
industry as a whole experienced their worst annualized performance since 1994.
Trend-following CTAs had a particularly difficult time owing to a marked lack
of trends in all but a few markets. However, for many commodities trading
advisors, the fourth quarter of 2000 proved to be a very favorable period, as
these trends were of sufficient magnitude and duration to lift many trading
advisors into positive territory for the year. For the industry as a whole it
was one of the strongest performance periods in recent memory.

 In general, CTAs analyze the movement of prices in the commodity and
financial futures markets to identify trends and the opportunities for profit
which accompany them. Because a CTA can take long or short positions in the
futures markets, the direction of a trend is less important than the existence
of a trend itself. A CTA has the potential to generate profits when prices are
identified as trending downward, by going short or selling ahead of a price
decline, and when prices appear to be trending upward, by going long or buying
ahead of the rise in price. When prices are moving sideways (i.e., with little
movement up or down) or are exhibiting significant short-term volatility (such
as rapid intra-day or inter-day price swings) trends are few and far between,
and CTA profits can be flat or negative.

 The following paragraphs present a summary of the Fund's operations for
the calendar years 1998 through 2000 and a general discussion of the Fund's
trading activities in certain markets during such period. It is important to
note, however, that (1) the advisors trade in various markets at different times
and that prior activity in a particular market does not mean that such markets
will be actively traded by an advisor or will be profitable in the future and
(2) the advisors trade independently of each other using different trading
systems and may trade different markets with various concentrations at various
times. Consequently, the results of operations of the Fund can only be discussed
in the context of the overall trading activities of the Fund, the advisors'
trading activities on behalf of the Fund as a whole and how the Fund has
performed in the past.

 As of December 31, 2000, the Net Asset Value of the Partnership was
$11,367,894, a decrease of approximately 68.15% from its Net Asset Value of
$35,688,878 at December 31, 1999. The Partnership's 2000 subscriptions and
redemptions totaled $50,000 and $16,762,534, respectively. For the year ended
December 31, 2000, the Partnership had revenues comprised of $(1,829,339) in
realized losses, $1,813,300 in unrealized gains and $1,070,571 in interest
income. For the same year, the Partnership had expenses consisting of $6,572,337
in brokerage commissions, $1,007,719 in management fees, $801,239 in incentive
fees, $235,478 in General Partner's administrative fees and $46,209 in other
expenses. This resulted in the Partnership having net losses of $7,608,450. The
Net Asset Value per Unit at December 31, 2000 decreased 35.01% from $11,770.46
at December 31, 1999 to $7,649.82 at December 31, 2000. The Fund's trading
losses in 2000 were primarily due to positions in global interest rates,
energies, metals and grains.

 As of December 31, 1999, the Net Asset Value of the Fund was
$35,688,878, a decrease of approximately 45.33% from its Net Asset Value of
$65,276,130 at December 31, 1998. The Fund's 1999 subscriptions and redemptions
totaled $1,923,122 and $13,967,250, respectively. For the year ended December
31, 1999, the Fund had revenues comprised of $(4,461,303) in realized losses,
$(2,871,454) in unrealized losses and $2,603,113 in interest income. For that
same year, the Fund had expenses consisting of $9,129,970 in brokerage
commissions, $2,114,161 in management fees, $853,963 in incentive fees, $617,880
in the General Partner's administrative fees and $97,506 in other expenses. This
resulted in the Fund having net losses of $17,543,124. The Fund's trading losses
in 1999 were primarily realized in European and Pacific Rim interest rates,
European and U.S. stock indices and tropicals. The Net Asset Value per Unit at
December 31, 1999 decreased 31.04% from $17,067.65 at December 31, 1998 to
$11,770.46 at December 31, 1999.

 As of December 31, 1998, the Net Asset Value of the Fund was
$65,276,130, a decrease of approximately 3.14% from its Net Asset Value of
$67,394,957 at December 31, 1997. The Fund's 1998 subscriptions and redemptions
totaled $1,335,740 and $14,977,792, respectively. For the year ended December
31, 1998, the Fund had revenues consisting of $33,752,690 in realized gains,
$(3,743,870) in unrealized losses and $3,618,242 in interest income. For that
same year, the Fund had expenses consisting of $12,437,404 in brokerage
commissions, $2,320,273 in management fees, $6,599,903 in incentive fees,
$646,232 in General Partner's administrative fees and $100,025 in other
expenses. This resulted in the Fund having net income of $11,523,225. The Fund's
trading gains in 1998 were primarily realized in global interest rates and
global stock indices. The Net Asset Value Per Unit at December 31, 1998
increased 18.88% from $14,356.76 at December 31, 1997 to $17,067.65 at December
31, 1998.

 17
<PAGE> 18

 Past performance is not indicative of future results. As a result, any
recent increases in realized or unrealized trading losses may have no bearing on
any results that may be obtained in the future.

 To enhance the foregoing comparison of results of operations from year
to year, readers of the Annual Report should examine the Statements of Financial
Condition and Operations for the years discussed above, which are included
herein.

 LIQUIDITY

 Although there is no public market for the Units, a Limited Partner may
redeem his Units in the Fund as of any month-end occurring six months or more
after such investment was made.

 With respect to the Fund's trading, in general, the Fund's advisors
will trade only commodity interests that have sufficient liquidity to enable
them to enter and close out positions without causing major price movements.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, most United States commodity exchanges limit the
amount by which certain commodities may move during a single day by regulations
referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily limits." Pursuant to
such regulations, no trades may be executed on any given day at prices beyond
the daily limits. The price of a futures contract has occasionally moved the
daily limit for several consecutive days, with little or no trading, thereby
effectively preventing a party from liquidating his position. While the
occurrence of such an event may reduce or effectively eliminate the liquidity of
a particular market, it will not limit ultimate losses and may in fact
substantially increase losses because of this inability to liquidate unfavorable
positions. In addition, if there is little or no trading in a particular futures
or forward contract that the Fund is trading, whether such illiquidity is caused
by any of the above reasons or otherwise, the Fund may be unable to execute
trades at favorable prices and/or may be unable or unwilling to liquidate its
position prior to its expiration date, thereby requiring the Fund to make or
take delivery of the underlying interest of the commodity interest.

 The Fund's trading may also be impacted by the various conflicts of
interest among the Fund and the General Partner, the advisors and the commodity
brokers. See "Item 1. Business - Conflicts of Interest".

 RISK FACTORS

 PAST RESULTS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE

 The Fund is a speculative commodity pool. The market sensitive
instruments held by it are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or
substantially all of the Fund's assets are subject to the risk of trading loss.
Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is
integral, not incidental, to the Fund's main line of business.

 18
<PAGE> 19

 Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair market value of
the Fund's open positions and, consequently, in its earnings and cash flow. The
Fund's market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the
level and volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, equity price levels, the
market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects
among the Fund's open positions and the liquidity of the markets in which it
trades.

 The Fund rapidly acquires and liquidates both long and short positions
in a wide range of different markets. Consequently, it is not possible to
predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the
Fund's past performance is not necessarily indicative of its future results.

 PRIMARY TRADING AND NON-TRADING RISK EXPOSURES

 The Fund's primary market risk exposures as well as the strategies used
and to be used by the General Partner and the independent advisors for managing
such exposures are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks,
any one of which could cause the actual results of the Fund's risk controls to
differ materially from the objectives of such strategies. Government
interventions, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of
dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price
relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation and
many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material
changes to the risk exposures and the risk management strategies of the Fund.
There can be no assurance that the Fund's current market exposure and/or risk
management strategies will not change materially or that any such strategies
will be effective in either the short- or long-term. Investors must be prepared
to lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Fund.

 MEANS OF MANAGING RISK

 The means by which the Fund and the advisors, severally, attempt to
manage the risk of the Fund's open positions is essentially the same in all
market categories traded. At the Fund-wide level, the General Partner attempts
to manage market exposure by (i) diversifying the Fund's assets among different
advisors whose strategies focus on different market sectors and trading
approaches, and (ii) monitoring the Fund's actual market exposures on a daily
basis. At the advisor level, each advisor applies its own risk management
policies to its trading. These policies generally limit the total exposure that
may be taken per "risk unit" of assets under management. Many advisors also
follow diversification guidelines (often formulated in terms of the maximum
margin which they will commit to positions in any one contract or group of
related contracts), as well as imposing "stop-loss" points at which open
positions must be closed out. In addition, the Fund uses Stonebrook's Volatility
Hedge Program to hedge the positions of its advisors in certain circumstances.
Occasionally, advisors will limit the market exposure of their Fund account
through acquiring put or call options which "collar" the risk of open positions.
However, because of the typically high degree of liquidity in the markets traded
by the Fund and the expense of acquiring options, most advisors rely simply on
stop-loss policies, requiring the liquidation of positions once losses of a
certain magnitude have been incurred.

 Certain advisors treat their risk control policies as strict rules;
others only as general guidelines for controlling risk.

 The General Partner controls the risk of the Fund's non-trading
instruments (interest-bearing securities held for cash management purposes)--the
only Fund investments, as opposed to advisor selections, directed by the General
Partner--limiting the duration of such instruments to no more than one year.

 19
<PAGE> 20