AND ANALYSIS
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

General

 MEDTOX Scientific, Inc. (formerly EDITEK, Inc.), a Delaware corporation,
was organized in September 1986 to succeed the operations of a predecessor
California corporation. MEDTOX Scientific, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, MEDTOX Laboratories, Inc., MEDTOX Diagnostics, Inc., and New
Brighton Business Center LLC are referred to herein as "the Company". The
Company is engaged primarily in two distinct, but very much related businesses.
The business of manufacturing and distribution of diagnostic devices is carried
on by MEDTOX Diagnostics, Inc. from its facility in Burlington, North Carolina
and the business of forensic and clinical laboratory services is conducted by
MEDTOX Laboratories, Inc. at its facility in St. Paul, Minnesota.

 The Company has two reportable segments: "Laboratory Services"
conducted by the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, MEDTOX Laboratories, Inc.
and "Products Sales" conducted by the Company's wholly owned subsidiary MEDTOX
Diagnostics, Inc. Laboratory Services include forensic toxicology, clinical
toxicology, clinical testing for the pharmaceutical industry and heavy metal
analyses as well as logistics, data, and overall program management services.
Product Sales include sales of a variety of point-of-collection (POC) screening
devices for therapeutic drugs and drugs of abuse. For the years ended December
31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, Laboratory Services revenue accounted for 77%, 81% and
89% of the Company's revenues, respectively. Revenue from Product Sales
accounted for 23%, 19% and 11% of the total revenues of the Company for the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

Critical Accounting Policies

 The Company has identified the policies outlined below as critical to
its business operations and an understanding of results of operations. The
listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all accounting policies.
In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is
specifically dictated by accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States, with no need for management's judgment in their application. The impact
and any associated risks related to these policies on the Company's business
operations is discussed throughout Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations where such policies affect
reported and expected financial results. For a detailed discussion on the
application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 1 in the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 14 on Form 10-K, beginning on page
41. Note that the preparation of this Form 10-K requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. There can be no assurance that actual results will not
differ from those estimates.

The Company's critical accounting policies are as follows:

Accounts Receivable:
 The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and
adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customers' current
credit worthiness, as determined by management's review of their current credit
information. The Company continuously monitors collections and payments from its
customers and maintains a provision for estimated credit losses based upon the
Company's historical experience and any specific customer collection issues that
have been identified. While such credit losses have historically been within the
Company's general expectations and the provisions established, the Company

<PAGE>

cannot guarantee that it will continue to experience the same credit loss rates
that have occurred in the past. The Company's consolidated trade accounts
receivable balance as of December 31, 2001 was $8.4 million, net of allowance
for doubtful accounts of $1.1 million.

Off-Site Supplies Inventory:
 Off-site supplies represents collection kits and forms located at
collections sites throughout the United States used by Laboratory Services'
customers to submit specimens for testing services. At December 31, 2001,
off-site inventory was $0.8 million. The process for estimating off-site
inventory involves significant assumptions and judgments. The estimate is based
on the historical average time that a collection site uses the inventory, as
well as the amount of inventory expected to be scrapped.

Goodwill:
 The Company continually evaluates whether events and changes in
circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful lives or recognition of an
impairment loss of unamortized goodwill. The conditions that would trigger an
impairment assessment of unamortized goodwill include a significant, sustained
negative trend in operating results or cash flows, a decrease in demand for the
Company's products or services, a change in the competitive environment, and
other industry and economic factors. The Company measures impairment of
unamortized goodwill utilizing the undiscounted cash flow method. The estimated
cash flows are then compared to recorded goodwill amounts; if the unamortized
balance of the goodwill exceeds the estimated cash flows, the excess of the
unamortized balance is written off. As of December 31, 2001, the Company
determined that there has been no impairment of goodwill.

 In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets" (SFAS 142). The Company will adopt SFAS No. 142 in the first
quarter of 2002. With the adoption of SFAS No. 142, the Company will assess the
impact based on a two-step approach to assess goodwill based on applicable
reporting units and will reassess any intangible assets, including goodwill,
recorded in connection with previous acquisitions. The Company recorded
approximately $0.8 million of goodwill amortization during 2001 and would have
recorded approximately $0.8 million of goodwill amortization during 2002. In
lieu of amortization, the Company will be required to perform an initial
impairment review of goodwill in 2002 and an annual impairment review
thereafter. The Company is currently assessing, but has not yet determined, the
impact the adoption of SFAS No. 142 will have on its consolidated financial
statements. As of December 31, 2001, the Company had unamortized goodwill of
$15.2 million.

Accounting for Income Taxes:
 As part of the process of preparing the consolidated financial
statements, the Company is required to estimate income taxes in each of the
jurisdictions in which it operates. This process involves estimating actual
current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences resulting
from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. These
differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company must then
assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future
taxable income and, to the extent management believes that recovery is not
likely, the Company must establish a valuation allowance. To the extent the
Company increases or decreases the valuation allowance in a period, the Company
must include an expense or benefit within the tax provision in the consolidated
statement of operations.

 Significant management judgment is required in determining the
provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any
valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets. As of December 31,
2001, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance of $13.9 million due

<PAGE>

to uncertainties related to the Company's ability to utilize the deferred tax
assets, primarily consisting of certain net operating losses (NOL) carried
forward, before they expire. The valuation allowance is based on management's
estimate of taxable income (primarily determined from four-year cumulative
historical results) and the period over which deferred tax assets will be
recoverable. It is possible that the Company could be profitable in the future
at levels which cause management to conclude that it is more likely than not
that the Company will realize all or a portion of the NOL carryforward. Upon
reaching such a conclusion, the Company would immediately record the estimated
net realizable value of the deferred tax asset at that time and would then
provide for income taxes at a rate equal to the Company's combined federal and
state effective rates, which would approximate 38% under current tax rates.
Subsequent revisions to the estimated net realizable value of the deferred tax
asset could cause the provision for income taxes to vary significantly from
period to period, although the Company's cash payments would remain unaffected
until the benefit of the NOL is utilized.

Results of Operations

 In 2001, the Company achieved record revenues and net income, driven by
sales of the PROFILE(R) Test Systems and the expanding VERDICT(R)-II product
line, and an increase in volume from specialty laboratory testing services.
Gross margin improved due to the Company's continued focus on higher margin
products and testing. Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased as
a percentage of sales reflecting continued efforts to reduce operating costs.
The following table sets forth the percentages of total revenues represented by
certain items reflected in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations:

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
 2001 2000 1999
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Revenues 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
 Cost of revenues 60.4 65.0 65.0
 --------- ---------- ---------
 Gross margin 39.6 35.0 35.0
 Operating expenses:
 Selling, general, and
 administrative 29.4 36.1 26.7
 Research and development 2.6 2.6 2.4
 Restructuring costs - - (0.5)
 -------------------------------------------
 32.0 38.7 28.6
 Other expense, primarily interest 2.5 2.3 2.3
 ---------- --------------------------
 Net income (loss) 5.1% (6.0)% 4.1%
 ======= ========= =======

Year Ended December 31, 2001 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2000

Revenues

 Revenues increased 14.5% to $ 49.1 million in 2001, driven by a $3.0
million, or 37% increase in Product Sales revenues and a $3.2 million, or 9.2%
increase in Laboratory Services revenues.

 The growth in Laboratory Services was primarily due to a 30% increase
in the Company's specialty laboratory services revenues. This increase is due to
the expansion of clinical testing for the pharmaceutical industry and the
October 2001 acquisition of Leadtech Corporation (Leadtech), a pediatric
lead-testing laboratory. The Company's research and development group continues

<PAGE>

to improve and add to the over 900 proprietary bio-analytical assays that have
been developed. In the past, these tests have largely been marketed to
hospitals, clinics and other laboratories. However, in 2001, the Company has
increased its efforts to apply the assay development skills to the
bio-analytical needs of the pharmaceutical market. Specimen volume growth from
the occupational health and corporate clients was relatively flat in 2001. The
slowing economy and the impact of the tragic events occurring on September 11,
2001 caused volume from existing occupational health and corporate clients to be
below expectations. However, this impact has been largely mitigated by the
Company's continued success in acquiring new client relationships and gaining
market share. The Company believes that the current lower volume from existing
clients will continue to be offset by successful sales efforts to new clients.

 The Product Sales segment achieved higher sales due to increased sales
of substance abuse testing products, partially offset by decreased sales of
agricultural diagnostic products. Product sales from substance abuse testing
products, which incorporates the EZ-SCREEN(R), PROFILE(R)-II, PROFILE(R)-ER and
VERDICT(R)-II on-site test kits and other ancillary products for the detection
of abused substances, increased $3.1 million to $9.4 million in 2001. This
growth reflected the sales and marketing efforts for the Company's
second-generation test kits, PROFILE(R)-II, PROFILE(R)-ER and VERDICT(R)-II. The
PROFILE(R)-ER device is an on-site, nine drugs-of-abuse panel, targeted at
hospital laboratories for emergency response screening in drugs-of-abuse
overdose situations. The Company received FDA approval for its PROFILE(R)-ER
device and for 10 configurations of its VERDICT(R)-II product in January 2001.
The VERDICT(R)-II was developed for the prison, probation, parole and
rehabilitation markets. The VERDICT(R)-II product line now consists of 16
different configurations to detect from one to seven drugs of abuse. The Company
continues to develop new products in this area, including the PROFILE-IIA(R)
device which was introduced in November 2001. The PROFILE-IIA(R) device screens
for five drugs of abuse and uses a unique lateral flow test strip to screen for
the five most common adulterants.

 Sales of contract manufacturing services, microbiological and
associated products remained flat at $1.3 million in both 2001 and 2000. Product
sales from agricultural diagnostic products decreased 25% to $0.4 million
primarily as a result of decreased purchases by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) for the Company's products. The USDA's needs for the
Company's products vary from year-to-year and sales to the USDA are expected to
fluctuate accordingly.

Gross profit

 Consolidated gross margin improved to 39.6% in 2001 compared to 35.0%
in 2000, reflecting improvement in both Product Sales and Laboratory Services
gross margins, as well as the continuing shift in our business mix toward
Product Sales at significantly higher margins.

 Laboratory Services gross margin was 31.9% in 2001, up from 29.0% in
2000. This improvement is primarily due to improved efficiencies and the
Company's continued focus on higher margin testing. Gross margin from Product
Sales improved to 66.1% from 61.2% in 2000, driven by an increased mix of higher
margin products and manufacturing efficiencies gained at the production
facility.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

 Selling, general and administrative expenses were $14.4 million, or
29.4% of revenues in 2001, compared to $15.5 million, or 36.1% of revenues in
2000. The decrease in the percentage of revenues and in absolute dollars
primarily reflects the continued efforts taken to reduce overall operating costs
as well as the impact of charges incurred in the fourth quarter of 2000. (See
discussion of Year Ended December 31, 2000 Compared to Year Ended December 31,
1999 below.) This positive trend was offset slightly by the amortization of

<PAGE>

intangible assets associated with the Leadtech acquisition in October 2001, as
well as expenses associated with operating the Leadtech facility in New Jersey
prior to it being merged into the Company's existing laboratory facility in
December 2001.

Research and development expenses

 Research and development expenses increased by $0.2 million, or 15.1%,
in 2001, principally due to higher research and development expenses associated
with new product development for on-site and other ancillary products in the
Product Sales segment.

Other expense

 Other expense consisted primarily of interest expense, which increased
by $0.1 million or 13.3% in 2001, reflecting higher average debt levels offset
by lower interest rates. Other expense also included a loss of $98,000 from the
Company's rental activities.

Net income (loss)

 In 2001, the Company recorded net income of $2.5 million compared to a
net loss of $2.6 million in 2000, reflecting increased revenues and gross
margins in both the Product Sales and Laboratory Services segments, and
decreased selling, general and administrative expenses in the Laboratory
Services segment.

 Laboratory Services reported net income of $0.8 million in 2001
compared to a net loss of $3.4 million in 2000. The increase was primarily
driven by higher sample volume from the Company's specialty laboratory testing
services, the Company's continued focus on higher margin testing, and a
reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses.

 Product Sales net income was $1.7 million in 2001 compared to $0.8
million in 2000. This improvement was largely attributable to the growth in
sales and an improved gross margin.

<PAGE>

Year Ended December 31, 2000 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1999

Revenues

 Revenues increased 23% to $ 42.9 million in 2000, compared to $35.0
million in 1999, driven by a $4.1 million, or 103% increase in Product Sales
revenues and a $3.8 million, or 12% increase in Laboratory Services revenues.
The Product Sales segment achieved higher sales due to increased sales of
substance abuse testing products and contract manufacturing services, partially
offset by decreased sales of agricultural diagnostic products. The growth in
Laboratory Services revenues was primarily due to a 7% increase in laboratory
tests for employment drug testing services, partially offset by a 14% decline in
the average price per testing specimen.

Gross profit

 Consolidated gross margin of 35.0% in 2000 remained flat compared to
1999, reflecting improvement in Product Sales gross margin, offset by a decline
in Laboratory Services gross margin. Laboratory Services gross margin was 29.0%
in 2000, down from 33.7% in 1999. The erosion of the gross margin was primarily
attributable to a 14% decline in the average price per testing specimen. The
drop in the average price per testing specimen stemmed from competitive market
conditions, which restricted the average price that the Company could charge new
customers. Gross margin was also impacted by an increase in the Company's
employee health insurance costs. Gross margin from Product Sales improved from
45.5% to 61.2% in 2000, driven by an increased mix of higher margin products and
manufacturing efficiencies gained at the production facility.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

 Selling, general and administrative expenses were $15.5 million, or
36.1% of revenues in 2000, compared to $9.3 million or 26.7% of revenues in
1999. The increase, in both the absolute amount and percentage of revenues, was
primarily the result of the buildup of the Company's sales and marketing group
throughout 2000, which affected both the Laboratory Services and the Product
Sales segments.

 The Company also incurred a charge of $0.6 million related to the
reorganization of its laboratory operations. The charge primarily represented
severance and other costs associated with certain management changes.
Additionally, the Company recorded a $0.5 million charge to reserve for
potential losses attributable to the Chapter 11 bankruptcy filings of two
Laboratory Services customers. Both customers remain as clients, and subsequent
to bankruptcy filings, are current on their obligations to the Company.

 The increase in the absolute dollar amount of selling, general and
administrative expenses also reflected the higher revenue level in 2000.

Research and development expenses

 Research and development expenses increased by $0.3 million, or 35%, in
2000, principally due to higher research and development expenses associated
with new product development for on-site and other ancillary products in the
Product Sales segment.

<PAGE>

Interest expense

 Interest expense increased by $0.2 million, or 21%, in 2000, reflecting
higher average debt levels and increasing interest rates.

Net (loss) income

 In 2000, the Company recorded a net loss of $2.6 million compared to
net income of $1.4 million in 1999, reflecting higher overall operating costs
and a reduced gross margin in the Laboratory Services segment, partially offset
by higher revenues in both the Product Sales and Laboratory Services segments.

 Laboratory Services reported a net loss of $3.4 million in 2000
compared to net income of $1.4 million in 1999. The decline was primarily due to
increased selling, general and administrative expenses associated with the
buildup of the Company's sales and marketing group, the reorganization of
laboratory operations and the Chapter 11 bankruptcy of two customers. Although
revenues increased 12%, this improvement was offset by a reduced gross margin,
which was impacted by a reduction in the average price per specimen and an
increase in the Company's employee health insurance costs.

 Product Sales net income was $0.8 million in 2000 compared to a net
loss of $21,000 in 1999. This improvement was attributable to the growth in
sales and an improved gross margin, which was driven by an increased mix of
higher margin products and manufacturing efficiencies gained at the production
facility.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

 The working capital requirements of the Company have been funded
primarily by cash received from debt financing and the sale of equity
securities. Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2001 were $0.1 million,
compared to $0.2 million at December 31, 2000.

 Net cash provided by operating activities was $3.5 million in 2001
compared to net cash used in operating activities of $2.0 million in 2000. Net
cash provided by operating activities was $0.7 million in 1999. The increase of
$5.5 million in 2001 was primarily due to an improvement in operating results.

 Net cash used in investing activities was $10.9 million in 2001
compared to $3.4 million and $1.2 million in 2000 and 1999, respectively. In
2001, the Company's investing activities consisted of capital expenditures
(primarily the building purchase discussed below) and cash paid for the
acquisition of Leadtech.

 In March 2001, the Company purchased the three building, 129,039 square
foot complex in St. Paul, Minnesota, where the Company's laboratory segment
formerly leased 53,576 square feet. The purchase price, exclusive of expenses
and closing costs, was $6.35 million and was financed by a mortgage loan from
Principal Life Insurance Company of Des Moines, Iowa in the amount of $6.2
million. The mortgage loan has a term of ten years and is being repaid based on
a 20-year amortization schedule with a balloon payment at the end of the
ten-year term. The interest rate is fixed at an annual rate of 7.23% for the
first five years at which time the rate will be renegotiated by the parties. The
facility includes other commercial tenants who have individual leases that range
from 4 years to less then 1 year in duration. The current annual rent paid by
such third party tenants, excluding their pro-rata share of operating expenses,
is approximately $431,000 per year.
<PAGE>

 In October 2001, the Company completed the acquisition of Leadtech, a
private company operating as an independent clinical laboratory devoted
primarily to the examination of blood lead concentrations in pediatric patients.
The purchase price of $6.1 million consisted of $2.5 million in cash, the
issuance of $2.7 million of the Company's common stock and $0.9 million of
seller financing payable over 24 months. The initial cash payment of $2.5
million was funded primarily from proceeds received from private placement of
subordinated debt in October 2001, net proceeds from the legal settlement with
Morgan Capital LLC, and operating cash flows.

 The Company expects equipment and capital improvement expenditures to
be between $5.0 million and $6.0 million in 2002. These expenditures are
intended primarily to continue to improve efficiencies and reduce operating
costs within the Laboratory Services and Product Sales businesses. Such
expenditures are expected to be funded through borrowings under the Company's
credit facilities and cash provided by operating activities.

 Net cash provided by financing activities was $7.3 million in 2001,
compared to $5.0 million and $1.0 million in 2000 and 1999, respectively. The
increase was principally associated with proceeds received under the mortgage
loan discussed above, the Company's credit agreement for the purchase of capital
equipment, and the private placement of subordinated debt in October and
November 2001(discussed below). In addition, in September 2001, the Company
received net proceeds of $0.6 million as settlement in the Company's lawsuit
against Morgan Capital LLC under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. The increase in 2000 over 1999 was primarily due to proceeds of $4.9
million from the Company's private equity placement.

 In January 1998, the Company entered into a Credit Security Agreement
(the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement) with Wells Fargo Business Credit, Inc. The
Wells Fargo Credit Agreement, as amended, consists of (i) a term loan of $3.185
million bearing interest at prime + 1.25%; (ii) a revolving line of credit,
payable on demand, of not more than $6.0 million or 85% of the Company's
eligible trade accounts receivable bearing interest at prime + 1%; and (iii) a
capex note of up to $3.5 million for the purchase of capital equipment bearing
interest at prime + 1.25% and (iv) availability of letters of credit in amounts
not to exceed the lesser of $300,000 (less outstanding letters of credit) or the
unborrowed portion of the revolving line of credit (less outstanding letters of
credit).

 The Wells Fargo Credit Agreement requires the Company to comply with
certain covenants and maintain certain quarterly financial ratios as to minimum
debt service coverage and maximum debt to book net worth. It also sets minimum
quarterly net income and book net worth levels, which restrict the payment of
dividends. As of December 31, 2001, the Company was in compliance with the
financial covenants of the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement.

 The Company received a total of $1.05 million from private placements
of subordinated debt and warrants in October and November 2001. The notes
require payment of the principal amounts on September 30, 2004. Interest at 10%
per annum is paid semi-annually on June 30 and December 31. In connection with
the issuance of the subordinated notes, the Company issued warrants to purchase
54,265 shares of common stock at $9.675 per share. The Company has determined
the value of the warrants at the dates of issuance to be $281,000 based upon the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The value of the warrants has been accounted
for as additional paid-in capital and deducted from the principal of the
subordinated notes as discount on debt issued. The discount will be amortized to
interest expense over the term of the debt. The effective interest rate of the
subordinated debt including the warrants is 23.0%.

 The Company is relying on expected positive cash flow from operations
and its line of credit to fund its future working capital and asset purchases.
The amount available on the revolving line of credit is based primarily on the

<PAGE>

receivables of the Company and, as such, varies with accounts receivable, and to
a lesser degree, the inventory of the Company. As of December 31, 2001, the
Company had total borrowing capacity of $5.5 million on its line of credit, of
which $2.9 million was borrowed, leaving a net availability of $2.6 million.

 In the short term, the Company believes that the aforementioned capital
will be sufficient to fund the Company's planned operations through 2002. While
there can be no assurance that the available capital will be sufficient to fund
the future operations of the Company beyond 2002, the Company believes that
future profitable operations, as well as access to additional capital through
debt or equity financings, will be the primary means for funding the operations
of the Company for the long term.

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices

 The impact of inflation and changing prices on the Company has been
primarily limited to salary, laboratory and operating supplies and rent
increases and has historically not been material to the Company's operations. In
the future, the Company may not be able to increase the prices of laboratory
testing by an amount sufficient to cover the cost of inflation, although the
Company is responding to these concerns by refocusing the laboratory operations
towards higher margin testing (including clinical and pharmaceutical trials) as
well as emphasizing the marketing, sales and operations of the Product Sales
business.

Impact of New Accounting Standards

 In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS
No. 141, "Business Combinations." This Statement supersedes APB Opinion No. 16,
"Business Combinations" and SFAS No. 38. "Accounting for Preacquisition
Contingencies of Purchased Enterprises" and eliminates the pooling method of
accounting for business acquisitions. This Statement requires all business
combinations to be accounted for using the purchase method for all transactions
initiated after June 30, 2001.

 In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." This statement applies to
intangibles and goodwill acquired after June 30, 2001, as well as goodwill and
intangibles previously acquired. Under this statement, goodwill as well as other
intangibles determined to have an infinite life will no longer be amortized;
however, these assets will be reviewed for impairment on a periodic basis. SFAS
No. 142 also includes provisions for the reclassification of certain existing
recognized intangibles as goodwill, reclassification of certain intangibles out
of previously reported goodwill and the identification of reporting units for
purposes of assessing potential future impairments of goodwill. SFAS No. 142 is
effective for the Company on January 1, 2002. In accordance with this statement,
the Company is not required to complete the transitional goodwill impairment
test until June 30, 2002. The Company is currently assessing but has not yet
determined the impact of SFAS No. 142 on its financial position and results of
operations. As of December 31, 2001 the Company had net goodwill and other
intangible assets of approximately $15.2 million and $2.6 million, respectively.
Goodwill amortization expense was approximately $0.8 million for each of the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999. Amortization expense of other
intangible assets was approximately $0.3 million, $0.1 million and $0.1 million
for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 respectively.

 In June 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143, "Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations." SFAS No. 143 addresses financial accounting and
reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets
and the associated asset retirement costs. SFAS No. 143 is effective for the
Company on January 1, 2003. The Company is currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 143.
<PAGE>

 In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." SFAS No. 144 supersedes SFAS No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
Be Disposed Of" and addresses the financial accounting and reporting for the
impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. SFAS No. 144 is effective for the
Company on January 1, 2002. The Company is currently in the process of
evaluating the impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 144.

<PAGE